CCharp/Docs/NumberSetsAndOperations.md, before:

# Basic math
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
## Digits
0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 , 7, 8, 9, 10

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
## Numbers 
### A. Number Sets
1. Natural Numbers - Common counting numbers.
2. Whole Numbers - The set of Natural Numbers with the number 0 adjoined.
3. Integers - Whole Numbers with their opposites (negative numbers) adjoined.
4. Rational Numbers - All numbers which can be written as fractions.
5. Irrational Numbers - All numbers which cannot be written as fractions.
6. Real Numbers - The set of Rational Numbers with the set of Irrational Numbers adjoined.

![Number sets](./Images/RealNumbersSet.png "App Service on Windows")

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
### B. Important properties:
#### Addition properties in N, Z, Q 
1. Aditive identity 0
> 0 + a = a + 0 = a
2. Comutativity
> a + b = a + b 
3. Asociativity
> (a + b) + c = a + (b + c)
#### Multiplication properties in N, Z, Q 
1. Additive identity 0
> 1 * a = a * 1 = a
2. Commutativity
> a * b = a * b 
3. Associativity
> (a * b) + c = a * (b * c)
4. Zero property - Multiplying any number by 0 the result is zero 
> a * 0 = 0
#### Distributivity of multiplication property - multiplying the sum of two or more numbers is the same as multiplying the addends separately
> $a * (b_{1} + b_{2} + ... + b_{n}) = a * b_{1} + a * b_{2} + ... + a * b_{n}$
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
### C. Integer Factorization

#### 1. Fundamental theorem or arithmetic (also known as Unique Factorization theorem or prime factorization theorem):
Every Integer grater then 1 can be represented uniquely a product of prime numbers.

### $a = f_{1}^{p_{1}} * f_{2}^{p_{2}} * ... * f_{n}^{p_{n}}$
#### 2. Total numbers of factors of a an integer 

### $T_{factors}= (p_{1} + 1) * (p_{2} + 1) * ... * (p_{n} + 1)$

Commit message:

add basic operations to basic math documentaation

CCharp/Docs/NumberSetsAndOperations.md, after:

# Basic math
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
## Digits
0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 , 7, 8, 9, 10

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
## Numbers 
### A. Number Sets
1. Natural Numbers - Common counting numbers.
2. Whole Numbers - The set of Natural Numbers with the number 0 adjoined.
3. Integers - Whole Numbers with their opposites (negative numbers) adjoined.
4. Rational Numbers - All numbers which can be written as fractions.
5. Irrational Numbers - All numbers which cannot be written as fractions.
6. Real Numbers - The set of Rational Numbers with the set of Irrational Numbers adjoined.

![Number sets](./Images/RealNumbersSet.png "App Service on Windows")

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
### B. Basic Operations
Classification by grade:
1. Grade 1: + and - (A and S)
1. Grade 2: * and / (M and D)
1. Grade 3: Exponent (E)

#### Operations order (P)
Operations are performed from grade 3 to grade 1
#### Enforce operations order
Operations order are enforced using Parentheses
Parentheses are performed in the next order:
1. ()
1. []
1. \{}

### PEMDAS operation order (Parentheses, Exponent, Multiply, Divide, Add, Subtract)
"Please Excuse My Dear Aunt Sally" - mnemonic to remember the operations order :)

#### Addition properties in N, Z, Q 
1. Additive identity 0
> 0 + a = a + 0 = a

2. Commutativity
> a + b = a + b 

3. Associativity
> (a + b) + c = a + (b + c)

#### Multiplication properties in N, Z, Q 
1. Additive identity 0
> 1 * a = a * 1 = a

2. Commutativity
> a * b = a * b 

3. Associativity
> (a * b) + c = a * (b * c)

4. Zero property - Multiplying any number by 0 the result is zero 
> a * 0 = 0

#### Distributivity of multiplication property - multiplying the sum of two or more numbers is the same as multiplying the addends separately
> $a * (b_{1} + b_{2} + ... + b_{n}) = a * b_{1} + a * b_{2} + ... + a * b_{n}$

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
### C. Integer Factorization

#### 1. Fundamental theorem or arithmetic (also known as Unique Factorization theorem or prime factorization theorem):
Every Integer grater then 1 can be represented uniquely a product of prime numbers.

### $a = f_{1}^{p_{1}} * f_{2}^{p_{2}} * ... * f_{n}^{p_{n}}$
#### 2. Total numbers of factors of a an integer 

### $T_{factors}= (p_{1} + 1) * (p_{2} + 1) * ... * (p_{n} + 1)$
